Adopted by the Security Council at its 3377th meeting, on 17 May 1994
(Harare, 22-26 May 1995)
Because of the typically high infrastructure investment that is required for constructing and managing space-based programmes, national, and local, systems are out of reach for most of the countries hardest hit by natural disasters.
Under the auspices of its Regional Centre for Training and Applications in Agrometeorology and Operational Hydrology (AGRHYMET) programme, WMO has recently established a network of land-based monitoring stations in western Africa.
WMO already uses such a system and it can easily be extended for disaster applications.
On 17 July 1991, ESA launched the first European Remote Sensing satellite (ERS-1), a polar orbiting satellite that constituted a major development in remote sensing applications by providing new tools for assisting in natural disasters monitoring and relief.
Currently, images with 2 m resolution obtained from Russian military satellites are commercially available.
E. A global monitoring and warning satellite system
The definition of a small satellite varies, but an upper limit of about 400 kg (in exceptional cases 500 kg) is usually adopted, within which there are two main categories: small satellites (or minisatellites), which weigh about 100-400 kg; and microsatellites, which weigh less than 100 kg.
C. Environmental monitoring and disaster management 27-42 5
The original intent was to use low Earth orbit (LEO) satellites to reach rural and remote areas.
23. The technique of interferometry, by which the "phase" difference associated with a given pixel from two SAR images is analysed, allows for precise determination of elevation.
Built by ESA and equipped with both European and United States instruments, Ulysses will take direct measurements of many complex solar phenomena that cannot be observed remotely.
For example, ground observations conducted under the Near Earth Object program detected the Shoemaker-Levy 9 comet in 1993 and predicted its impact upon Jupiter in July 1994.
NASA expected the first flight using this improvement to occur in May 1995.
To combat these blazes, the FS employed airborne scanners, including Firefly developed by JPL, to help map and determine both speed and direction of the fires.
The two Indian remote sensing satellites, IRS-1A and IRS-1B, respectively launched in March 1988 and August 1991, together with IRS-P2, launched by India with its own polar satellite launch vehicle (PSLV), known as PSLV-D2, in October 1994, have become the mainstays of the national system for the management of natural resources.
Surrounded by mountains that block out city noise, the Usuda Deep Space Centre is located 1,450 metres above sea level at Usuda-machi, Nagano Prefecture.
(i) LUNAR-A Project (Moon Penetrator Mission)
(iv) Advanced satellite broadcasting technology
(i) Space experiments and utilization of the space environment
(i) Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission
NASDA received ESA support for the tracking and control of MOS-1 launched in February 1987 and MOS-1b launched in February 1990.
(iv) Studying the Dead Sea recession
In 1994, the results of research by SAAO staff and other astronomers using the facilities of SAAO were published in 146 papers in astronomical journals and in conference proceedings.
7. Other ongoing research
73 orbits per 5 days, multi-sun-synchronous Orbital period
Thailand has been a member of INTELSAT since its inception, and it recently became a member of Inmarsat, thus enabling it to provide international telecommunication services all over the world.
1Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, 3-14 June 1992 (A/CONF.151/26/Rev.1 (Vol. I and Vol. I/Corr.1, Vol. II, Vol.
D. Curriculum development
Since this atmospheric echo is so weak, scientists have been bothered by contamination of strong "undesired" echoes from various objects such as space debris.
It is interesting that many of these models rely upon the observable large debris population for the basis of their definition.
Retrieved surface analysis
The procedures emphasize the need for ailing spacecraft to be taken out of the operational orbit and "safed" with regard to explosion hazard.
I. MANDATE OF THE PROGRAMME
7. Affiliation with the United Nations
3. Activities proposed for implementation in 1997
Vienna, Austria 15 September 1995 Annex II
F. The National Council of the Judiciary
Displaced women
National Network for the Advancement of Women
Administration
National Census 1981.
This is visible in the educational profile of women in the EAP, one-third of whom have acceded to higher education.
Participation of Women in Health Care Management
An increasing number of countries are showing interest in the master-plan concept and seeking assistance or advice to undertake such an exercise. This is particularly the case for countries in transition in central and eastern Europe, which are demonstrating deep concern at the spreading problem of drug abuse. Work on the plans is facilitated by the fact that new legislative frameworks are still being developed, and by the social and economic changes under way in those countries.
3 (46) Reports requested urgently from Algeria . 7.
It is sad that, 25 years after the Committee started its work, its contributions have not been better studied and better understood.
11. Mr. Ibrahima Fall, Assistant Secretary-General for Human Rights, addressed the Committee at the opening of the forty-sixth session (see CERD/C/SR.1071).
Similarly, students wishing to take secondary studies must sit an entrance examination which was the same throughout the country.
A member queried the extent to which ethnic quotas were or might be employed to select from among candidates for government posts, with reference, inter alia, to the information in the report that Muslims were allotted 8 per cent of such posts.
A number of members condemned the apparent unwillingness of the State party to take seriously its international obligations concerning human rights or to cooperate with various international procedures which are intended to promote respect for the rights of all peoples and especially vulnerable minority groups.
388. The Committee recommends that the State party pursue its efforts to analyse the root causes of the socio-economic marginalization faced by the indigenous population of Mexico and continue its attempts to harmonize indigenous customs with the positive legal order.
Responding to specific questions regarding the exploitation of natural resources in the autonomous regions, the representative of the State party said that the central Government issued the licences, which were subject to the approval of the Regional Councils.
In September 1990, C. P. had been elected shop steward at the Technical School of Roskilde; in October 1990, students allegedly began to display signs of racial hostility towards him, but the authorities did not intervene.
Tenth report 6 September 1994 1
Seventh report 2 November 1992 1
Eleventh report 4 February 1994 1
Third report 30 March 1985 7
Thirteenth report 15 February 1995 -
Ninth report 4 December 1988 4
Tenth report 29 June 1991 3
Eleventh report 9 January 1993 1
Eighth report 6 April 1993 1
Fifth report 6 May 1978 21
Third report 21 December 1985 6
Albania 11 May 1994 a/ 10 June 1994
Cape Verde 3 October 1979 a/ 2 November 1979
Germany 16 May 1969 15 June 1969
Luxembourg 1 May 1978 31 May 1978
Portugal 24 August 1982 a/ 23 September 1982
Tonga 16 February 1972 a/ 17 March 1972
Denmark 3 September 1993
CERD/C/286 Report of Mexico, submitted in compliance with a decision of the Committee taken at its forty-sixth session
Mr. P complains about an alleged "judicial cover-up" of the case, noting that the mother of one of the defendants works for the Roskilde District Court.
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space:
Space-related work in France currently employs about 16,000 people, over 13,000 of whom are in the industrial sector.
E. Space sciences
A solution to this problem is urgently required.
D. Space transportation
Under an agreement concluded in October 1995 between the RSA and the ESA, T. Reiter's flight on board the Mir station was extended by 44 days to a total of 179 days.
(a) Space telecommunications
There are plans to set up two NOAA stations, one for meteorological studies at the DMN and the other at the Royal Centre for Spaceborne Remote Sensing (CRTS) for receiving advanced very high resolution radiometer (AVHRR) data.
(b) The network could be established through electronic mail, at minimal cost, by establishing its server at a national or international space institution and utilizing existing electronic mail nodes and computer equipment in the region.
The Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (COPUOS), at its thirty-seventh session in June 1994, endorsed the activities of the Programme on Space Applications for 1995 as proposed by the Expert on Space Applications (A/AC.105/555) and as recommended by its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee at its thirty-first session.
The mission would be operated in real-time mode in order to fully utilize the advantage of long, uninterrupted observation sessions allowed by injection in HEO, including flexible scheduling, on-line monitoring of data quality, and fine-tuning of observation modes and exposure time.
The Meeting voiced deep concern that such a policy of charging a fee for access to satellite data, if applied to other organizations in the United Nations system or if followed by other satellite operators, could severely limit the capability of developing countries and organizations in the United Nations system to carry out space activities.
In a holistic study initiated by UNDCP and undertaken by the FAO Remote Sensing Centre, an attempt will be made to determine the potential role of remote sensing technologies for gathering inventory on and monitoring the extent of illicit crop cultivation.
FAO will cooperate in establishing the centre relating to agricultural applications.
ECA will continue to support the initiative of the Office for Outer Space Affairs to establish a regional centre for space science and technology education in Africa as a necessary step for the creation of endogenous technical capacity and as a complement to the training normally offered by such a regional centre.
UNITAR contributes to national and regional capacity building for sustainable development through its various activities related to environmental management with the use of space technology, as well as new information and ground communication technologies.
Activities of ITU in the area of satellite communications include the following:
(d) The above intersectoral coordination group will also coordinate the review of recommendations on satellite matters prepared in both sectors;
The Government of the Russian Federation confirmed a similar offer for GLONASS, consisting of 24 operational navigation satellites.
UNEP will continue to participate in developing and supporting the programmes of GCOS secretariat in 1996 and beyond.
The United Nations Programme on Space Applications will continue to provide assistance to the astronomical observatory in Sri Lanka, which was established in January 1996.
Question 5: Are the take-off and landing phases specially distinguished in the regime for
In fact, the overall flight of aerospace objects should be submitted to a sole legal regime, exactly to avoid unnecessary dualism (more or less justified in the case of the territorial and open sea because of the very low speed of ships and other similar factors), which undoubtedly produce confusion and malfunction of the whole legal system governing space activities.
Following past practice, those delegations were invited to attend the current session of the Subcommittee and to address it as appropriate.
The Subcommittee noted with appreciation that since its previous session additional contributions had been offered by various Member States and organizations and that they had been acknowledged in paragraphs 38 and 39 of the report of the Expert.
